hey today we're gonna be installing
hitch part number 36408 2007 Chevy
Impala okay the first step in our
installation is gonna be to lower the
exhaust and you can see here on the
passenger side there's two bolts holding
on to the holding the hanger up into
place and we want to go ahead and remove
those you're gonna see we got the same
thing here on the driver's side two
bolts that need to be removed and to
further gain access to the frame we want
to go ahead and lower off of the third
hanger here as well
and that one's just on a rubber piece
we're just gonna have to pry that off
after we take the third tab out of the
third hangar here we want to make sure
that we support the exhaust system from
when we remove it because it will fall
directly to the ground and damage your
exhaust I'm actually gonna just place
toaster up around the exhaust itself
here kind of pull it tight and then go
ahead and remove the exhaust off the
hanger here okay now with the exhaust
lowered we're taking a look at the
passenger side frame rail here you can
see above the exhaust there are two
existing holes we're gonna be using
those as the attaching points for the
hitch on the frame we're gonna put the
hardware up in through this hole here
and drop it down in through these holes
and then here on the cross member here
right on the rear side of the spare tire
well there are existing holes here and
here as well which we're gonna also
going to use as attaching points we're
gonna feed the hardware into the end of
this crossmember through the enlarged
holes at the end of each side of the
frame rail okay I'm gonna be using the
accessory part that we offer is called
the bolt leader and that's going to
allow you to feed the block and bolt
assembly through the frame into position
and what we're going to do is feed it up
through the hole that we're using and
back out the access hole
let me want to feed the bolt leader in
through the block and then wrap the
threads of the bolt with the bolt leader
and that will allow us to pull it
through the frame here we want to make
sure the four attaching pole points that
are mounting to the frame itself you
want to use the for shorter bolts that
are provided in the kit the two longer
ones will go into the crossmember
okay we want to go ahead and repeat that
for the driver side as well okay with
the bolts pulled down through the frame
here we can go ahead and put the hitch
up into position the instructions say to
go ahead and put the bolts into the
crossmember first and then put the hitch
up but putting the hitch up before you
put the bolts and the crossmember will
actually make they're less likely chance
that you will push the bolts up into the
frame while installing it so I'm gonna
go ahead and do that after it mounted up
to the framework you still need to be
very careful not to push the bolts up
into the frame
now that we've got the hitch up into
position we want to leave the bolts that
are mounting the hitch to the side of
the frame loosely installed and we're
going to go ahead and attach the bolts
in through the crossmember here again
we're going to use the bolt leader that
we had used previously feed it up and
through the hole and back out through
the access hole
okay with all attachments up into place
we can go ahead and tighten the bolts
down all right when we're gonna go ahead
and torque the bolts down now and we
want to the bolts all of them get
torqued to 75 foot-pounds we're gonna go
ahead torque the ones on the side of the
frames first our student was about to
the bottom of the frame first and you
may need to use a toe strap or something
to pull the exhaust up out of your way
so they gain it more access even an
extra set of hands somebody can hold it
out of the way for you but I'm actually
gonna use a deep well 7/8 socket tip to
help to get some clearance here okay and
we want to repeat that for the other
side as well okay now we just want to
tighten down the ones in the crossmember
okay with all the bolts torqued down I'm
gonna go ahead and put our exhaust back
up into place all right with the exhaust
up in the back up into position our
installation is complete and this will
conclude the installation of hitch part
number 36408 2007 chevy impala